Description
Detect Abaqus input file error by running Abaqus syntaxcheck
Make gnuplot script for Bore deformation evaluation
Calculate element area and export to csv file
Calculate element area and export to csv file
Make Abaqus input file and Hyperview database from Excite mapping data (pressure on element)
Export Contour Value for displayed parts (and coordinate to a text file)
High Cycle Fatigue analysis for Head and Block using FEMFAT. This program automatically converts to universal format and run FEMFAT solver.
Find shared element errors
Sub-modelling High Cycle Fatigue analysis for Head and Block using ADVC and FEMFAT. This cripts automatically makes input files and submits to respective solvers.
Submit Actran files to solver sever by file list defined in Excel file
Submit Actran files to solver sever by file list defined in Excel file
Export graph (jpg file) from result of Actran (*.plt file)
Calculating the area in % that satisfiles the criteria (eg. contact opening, slip length)
Generating outer sufaces mesh from solid mesh (for post-processing)
Extracting surfaces from groups and calculating heat flow thru those surfaces
Creating 1-element-away-from-weld node sets
Generating a contact report
Replacing a new picture to the same position and size with the old one
Renaming parts after ELSET names exported from Jupiter
Combining multiple movie images for making comparison between different models
Export mode animation to gif file from Modal analysis result
Import picture of 2 views of Engine (we need 2 views to review all parts in engine) or 2 models to PowerPoint for comparision
Export waterfall data and picture
Calculate the strain variation between 2 results
High Cycle Fatigue analysis for Bulkhead Engine using FEMFAT. 120 cases FEMFAT calculation is often required in bulkhead analysis; 1 case calculation takes 30-45 minutes to complete. User need to prepare the FEMFAT template files. This tool will automatically run FEMFAT (can run overnight)
Automatically perform post process of coldflow/injection/combustion analysis after finishing calculation
Create movie of mesh' motion along with the movement of piston and intake/exhaust valves
Evaluate Bore distortion, Max.Bore distortion (2nd-8th order), Bore Roundness and Bore axis deformation
Abaqus plugin helps evaluate Gasket sealing and durability
Read *.pch file, plot all frequencies into a graph. Then use Hyperview to confirm the location. Finally, input 1st natural frequency at specific parts (PowerPlan, Ekimani, Alternator, Compressor, Engine mount) into 1 ruler scale
Find and delete empty groups *SURFACE (to avoid Abaqus error msg)
Replace a picture with same hight and line format. Set layer position of picture = 1 (bottom)
Get image files from Linux and create a PowerPoint and insert the images into it automatically. The insert the ppt into another ppt file for reference.
User import result file (*.op2) of eigen value analysis (SOL103) into Hyperview, run tcl code to print frequency list
Query the maximum contact slip/contact displacement at contact surface CAP/BLOCK
Capture image of bearing pressure contour from excite mapping result (all load cases)
Pre-processing (geometry transformation, meshing, setting Boundary Conditions, solvers, etc.) and Post-Processing for Steady Flow Analysis of all engines
Export chart picture from excel to output folder, then PowerPoint file will be opened and import picture automatically
Export mode animation to gif file and import to PowerPoint
Post processing TMF analysis results
Copy Mapping Data for the region that has not data from CFD side
Auto cut face pretension for bolts having bolt thread and bolt seat assembly face
Auto create pretension for solid bolt having a face pretension
Auto take and insert picture into pptx for Sealing task. User create views and user frame manually.
Auto check Excite result > create input file > submit Recovery analysis > submit Greeen analysis > check result > data consolidation > create report
Read *.pch file (Displacement/Vellocity/Acceleration + ERP) > Export.csv
Read *.plt file > Export.csv
Create macro to export intensity result
Create macro to export properties of a part: name, Young modulus, possion ratio, mass, volume, density
Pick nodes: 8 nodes on each Valve seat, 4 nodes on each Valve Guide
Find surfaces having 4 sides which is used for ISO mesh
